README.md, before:

# GallerI

***GallerI*** is a android gallery application which classifies images on device. The application is built using kotlin and the classification model is made using tensorflow lite model based on mobilenet v2.

<img src="https://github.com/prathameshbhalekar/GallerI/blob/main/Screenshots/screenshot_1.png" align="center"
     alt="Screenshot 1" width="200" height="350">
<img src="https://github.com/prathameshbhalekar/GallerI/blob/main/Screenshots/screenshot_2.png" align="center"
     alt="Screenshot 2" width="200" height="350">
<img src="https://github.com/prathameshbhalekar/GallerI/blob/main/Screenshots/screenshot_3.png" align="center"
     alt="Screenshot 3" width="200" height="350">
<img src="https://github.com/prathameshbhalekar/GallerI/blob/main/Screenshots/screenshot_4.png" align="center"
     alt="Screenshot 4" width="200" height="350">



The Dataset is built by scrapping [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/). It has Following categories:

No. | Second Header
------------ | -------------
1 | nature
2 | people
3 | architecture
4 | fashion
5 | health
6 | interiors
7 | street-photography
8 | technology
9 | travel
10 | textures-patterns
11 | business-work
12 | animals
13 | food-drink
14 | athletics
15 | arts-culture
16 | history

Commit message:

added dataset link to readme

README.md, after:

# GallerI

***GallerI*** is a android gallery application which classifies images on device. The application is built using kotlin and the classification model is made using tensorflow lite model based on mobilenet v2.

<img src="https://github.com/prathameshbhalekar/GallerI/blob/main/Screenshots/screenshot_1.png" align="center"
     alt="Screenshot 1" width="200" height="350">
<img src="https://github.com/prathameshbhalekar/GallerI/blob/main/Screenshots/screenshot_2.png" align="center"
     alt="Screenshot 2" width="200" height="350">
<img src="https://github.com/prathameshbhalekar/GallerI/blob/main/Screenshots/screenshot_3.png" align="center"
     alt="Screenshot 3" width="200" height="350">
<img src="https://github.com/prathameshbhalekar/GallerI/blob/main/Screenshots/screenshot_4.png" align="center"
     alt="Screenshot 4" width="200" height="350">



The Dataset is built by scrapping [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/) and can be found here : [Kaggle Link](https://www.kaggle.com/prathameshbhalekar/images-scraped-from-unsplash) It has Following categories:

No. | Second Header
------------ | -------------
1 | nature
2 | people
3 | architecture
4 | fashion
5 | health
6 | interiors
7 | street-photography
8 | technology
9 | travel
10 | textures-patterns
11 | business-work
12 | animals
13 | food-drink
14 | athletics
15 | arts-culture
16 | history
